# CRUD Quiz

Use the solution to this afternoon's Property Tracker lab to answer the following questions. Please write your answers under each question, push the file to GitHub, and submit in the usual way.

## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?
In comnsole.rb

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?
In the save() method in property.rb

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?
the line which call the .save() method

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?
We want each instance to have a unique ID which is determined by the database.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?
When we save the object to the database the db.exec_prepared() method returns the ID of the new database entry and assigns it to the object id.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?
We don't want to assign a nil value to as the id?

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?
Methods that will use more than one object need to be defined as class methods so they have access to all objects?

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?
An array of hashes is returned. we us [0] or .first() to access the first hash in the returned arrray.

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?
To stop users being able to do a

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?
Find_by_id takes in an integer representing the ID you're looking for.
Find_by_id takes in a string containing the address you're looking for.

Q11. What are their return values?
??
